Lyndsey's planning the trip where's
Lindsay hi Lindsay
hey Steve so I'm like a lot of
Floridians a transplant I'm actually
from Chicago as well okay but I'm
planning a trip there every year
thousands of Floridians go to the
Florida Alabama border to actually throw
dead fish into Alabama it's called the
mullet festival they do what
they Chuck dead fish from a circle in
Florida over the state line into Alabama
so I want to do this next year but I've
got a pretty awful arm about it but I
know you've got a pretty good arm on you
so I was wondering if you could give me
some pointers on how to launch my dead
mullet into Alabama next year I've got a
whole bucket of fish here waiting for
you
okay this is but don't don't they use
real fish they do but I mean lucky for
us that these aren't real fish where's
the state line that is right there Lake
yes the lake go for it you hit the
cameraman you hit the cameraman you sure
aren't doing like to go under here like
that
get another one throw it throw it I
really do like that
let's go Zoe
farik
going
yeah here's the deal
don't get in that contest okay stay away
from that don't go to Alabama this year
just go don't don't do that hey that was
fun good people do they're excited about
the fish though thank you very much
we'll be right back
you